W-14069450-botsessioninformation-se (#293)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/botmanagement-manage.adoc

= Managing Bots

Newly installed bots connect to RPA Manager automatically.

As a bot administrator, you can manage the following properties of a bot:

* Name and describe a bot.
* Assign service times to a bot to determine their office hours.

> * Restrict bots to project phases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Restrict bots to project phases.
```

> * Set the maximum number of sessions a bot may use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the maximum number of sessions a bot can use.
```

> If a bot is troubling you, you can do the following:

Reviewer: "troubling" is troubling me :) 

Can you be more specific? If a bot isn't working properly?

* Download the log files.
* Restart the bot.
* Delete the bot.

== Before You Begin

* At least one bot must be installed on a separate computer.

> * On the computer where you want to run automations and where a bot therefore is installed, check the system data:

Reviewer: See previous similar edits. Opportunity for reuse?

Author: This needs more consideration (= too few time before release) --> Included in Doc Space Redesign project

** Operating system
** RAM
** Terminal Server software
** Login data for the bot
** RPA Bot Configurator settings 

> * If you want to use Secure Sessions, read and pass on the following information:

Reviewer: What does "pass on" mean? Share with...whom?

Author: See above comment. We don't really know. Let's revisit that later.

> ** Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one secure session licensed, do not disconnect the session, but sign out the specified user. 

Reviewer: This is duplicated elsewhere. Can you include the partial?

> ** Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one secure session licensed, do not disconnect the session, but sign out the specified user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Before deploying a run configuration on a bot that has only one secure session licensed, do not disconnect the session but do sign out the specified user.
```

Author: see above

> ** If you want to assign more than one secure session to a bot, make sure that a terminal server software is installed on the computer of the bot and refer to the xref:rpa-bot::hardware-software-requirements#requirements-for-secure-session-technology.adoc[system and hardware requirements documentation] to determine the maximum number of secure sessions for the bot.

Reviewer: Is this xref format correct?
`xref:rpa-bot::hardware-software-requirements#requirements-for-secure-session-technology.adoc`

Reviewer: This content is similar to other content. Possible to consolidate/reuse?

> ** Do not sign in to a computer where a bot with one licensed secure session is running a process.

Reviewer: Duplicated in partials file - add include here?

> * If you want to use desktop sessions, read and pass on the following information:

Reviewer: Should desktop be init cap? 
Clarify "pass on"

** The specified user must be logged in to this session to deploy a run configuration. 

> ** Do not close or minimize the console session while the bot executes a process.

Reviewer: These bullets aren't parallel.

|===

== Assign Sessions to Bots

The bot runs a process configuration in a session on the computer where the bot is installed. 

> If bots should run processes in a hidden session, assign them at least one secure session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify that a bot runs processes in a hidden session, assign the bot at least one secure session.
```

The number of secure sessions that can be assigned and served by the bot depends on the hardware of the computer on which the bot is installed
Please refer to the system and hardware requirements topic to assess the maximum number of secure sessions for the bot.

> Enabling the same setting via the RPA Bot Configurator, limits but not not overwrites this setting.

Reviewer: See comments here: https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-rpa/pull/293/files#r1376649413

. In the *Bots* view of the *Bot Management* module, click *Secure Session Assignment*.

> . Set the number of sessions the bot may use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the number of sessions the bot can use:
```

+
* Session Assignment >= 1: 

> ** The bot consumes up the the specified number of Secure Sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The bot consumes up to the specified number of secure sessions.
```

Reviewer: Check the content with vale - I think it flags common double words.

* Session Assignment = 0

> The bot consumes the desktop session.

Reviewer: Is this correct? It sounds like it's eating the session! Should desktop be init cap? 
Should it be `** The bot...`

. In the *Bots* view of the *Bot Management* module, click *Remove* (image:delete-icon.png[trash symbol,1.5%,1.5%]) in the row of the bot to remove.
. Confirm the removal.

> If you accidentally remove a bot that is still being executed, the bot shuts down and the API Key is deleted on the bot's computer. You must uninstall and reinstall the bot with a new API Key. In this case, the licenses, name, description, assigned process applications and service times, and tasks are lost and have to be assigned again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you accidentally remove a bot that is executing, the bot shuts down and the API Key is deleted on the bot's computer. You must uninstall and reinstall the bot with a new API Key. In this case, you must re-assign the licenses, name, description, assigned process applications and service times, and tasks.
```

== See Also

> * xref:rpa-home::automation-security-securesessions.adoc[Secure Sessions]

Reviewer: If the headings in the H1 are the same, remove the hard-coded links to autogenerate (and reduce maintenance).

Author: I agree, but would like to include the product name in the link text when I link to docs outside the current second navigation level.

Reviewer: Is that the case here?

Author: no, but consistency gives me security :)
I will revisit taht with the renewal of the RPA content structure project...

* xref:rpa-bot::hardware-software-requirements.adoc[RPA Bot - Hardware and Software Requirements]
* xref:rpa-bot::configuration.adoc[RPA Bot Configurator]

> * xref:botmanagement-troubleshoot.adoc[Trouble-shooting Bots]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:botmanagement-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting Bots]
```
